in this video I'm going to show you how
to make soap that looks just like Oreo
cookies you'll need Oreos popsicle
sticks food coloring black dye and
little bowls to melt this open mold
putty you'll need some kind of fragrance
shea butter soap and olive oil soap to
make the mold I mixed together equal
parts of a silicone mold putty and you
just mix it together and you only have
maybe a few minutes before the mold
starts to set so you just want to mix it
make a flat circle and then press the
Oreo into the mold with the actual Oreo
symbol face down and you want to be
really gentle because I broke a bunch of
cookies trying to make these molds they
are really really fragile when you're
pushing them into the mold so you just
want to be really careful the cookies
are really really small so you don't
need a lot of soap to make each one so
once you have a good amount of soap cut
into a little Bowl you just want to
microwave it for about 20 seconds and
you want to watch it the entire time
because it will kind of bubble over and
spill everywhere and make a big mess and
also be careful because it's really
really hot when it comes out of the
microwave and so before it sets you want
to add in some dye oh I'm going to start
with the black to make like a classic
Oreo cookie but you can also mix in like
yellow food coloring or pink or green or
blue to make different colors
and it doesn't take that long for the
actual soap to set in the mold maybe
about 10 to 15 minutes depending on the
temperature of the room and if you want
it to set even faster you can just pop
them in the refrigerator and they'll be
set and maybe like five minutes it's
really quick so now to make the filling
I tried just using some white soap and
letting it kind of set up but that
didn't work and so I took a little piece
of clay and made a disc and then I made
a mold of that and now I'm just pouring
white soap into that mold and this is
going to be the cream filling and so to
assemble the cookie I just took a little
bit of melted soap then the filling and
then more melted soap on the other part
of the cookie and just pressed it all
together until the set soap set and the
soap that's in the center acts kind of
like a glue to hold everything together
and if you want to make this a little
more special you can get a little mini
mug and I found these at Party City and
you can fill it about 2/3 of the way
with some white soap and then you can
use toothpicks or any kind of tools you
have to set the Oreo cookie inside the
actual cup until the soap sets just like
this and then it'll just look like a
cookie being dunked and an actual cup so
I tried the self out and it works almost
exactly like any other soap there's no
black dye or residue on your hands when
you're finished and this is what all the
cookies look like once they're dry and
set up and thanks to everybody who added
their pictures and sent them to me on
Instagram Twitter and Facebook I still
have a ton more pictures to add so if
you don't see yours don't be upset
because I'll be adding it shortly to the
next video